Taylor Baker,Episode 7: Globalism
Kathi Maio,...more macho and jingoistic action...
Duane Byrge,"Just because you're big does not mean you're not brainy, and this smart, polished entertainment crushes the notion that fx/disaster films run only on low-octane dialogue, lowest-common-denominator narrative and the lowliest instincts of tie-in marketeers."
Zaki Hasan,"[Michael Bay's] hyper jaunty technique of cut, cut, cut leaves the audiences gasping for air, and never lets a scene's impact truly sink in."
Danielle Solzman,There are great disasters flicks but Armageddon is not one of them.
Jay Carr,Armageddon is big and noisy and stupid and shameless and it's going to be huge at the box office.
Tim Brayton,"Virtually nothing happens, and it happens at the most unrelenting speed."
Film4,"The special effects are spectacular, even if the acting and script are patchy, but at two and half hours long, it overstays its welcome."
Joe Morgenstern,"How does Armageddon, a movie obsessed with countdowns and countdown clocks, manage to redefine -- downward -- the standard for summer stupidity? Let me count the ways."
Jonathan Rosenbaum,"It's strictly a side issue whether mankind will survive colliding with an asteroid the size of Texas; the real question is whether Liv Tyler, who plays Bruce Willis's daughter, gets to keep her boyfriend."
Ann Hornaday,"By the time Bay and Bruckheimer appropriate John F. Kennedy's image in their final small-town-America montage, it's clear their pomposity knows no limits."
Desmond Ryan,The special effects are the best that $150 million can buy and the script plays like a near-afterthought.
Jami Bernard,The end of the world is going to be very noisy and filled with some of the worst dialogue ever.
Michael O'Sullivan,Armageddon peels your eyelids back and blows your eardrums out until rational analysis is moot.
Leah Rozen,"Producer Jerry Bruckheimer and director Michael Bay are slick Hollywood operators who know exactly what they're doing: Armageddon's heart beats strongly, but it's pumping adrenaline rather than blood."
Jay Boyar,"Just when you think you've had it with this movie, there comes a farcical, rock 'n' roll sort of comedy sequence, or a hilariously goofy line."
Manohla Dargis,"Most of the time, Armageddon simply makes your head hurt."
Michael Wilmington,If you're going to blow up the world -- or advertise your intentions to do so -- you might as well have some laughs along the way.
Daphne Merkin,Affleck demonstrates a sexy Paul Newmanish charm and is clearly bound for stardom.
Matt Soergel,"It's such a thrill ride, in fact, that after its 2 1/2 hours of thrills, you're likely to feel more pummeled than entertained, which is just the point."
